Proposal: Guidelines for quantization schemes (#19762)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - Verify that the perplexity and the performance are not affected negatively by your changes (use `llama-perplexity` and `llama-bench`)
  - If you modified the `ggml` source, run the `test-backend-ops` tool to check whether different backend implementations of the `ggml` operators produce consistent results (this requires access to at least two different `ggml` backends)
  - If you modified a `ggml` operator or added a new one, add the corresponding test cases to `test-backend-ops`
- Create separate PRs for each feature or fix:
  - Avoid combining unrelated changes in a single PR
  - For intricate features, consider opening a feature request first to discuss and align expectations
  - When adding support for a new model or feature, focus on **CPU support only** in the initial PR unless you have a good reason not to. Add support for other backends like CUDA in follow-up PRs
  - In particular, adding new data types (extension of the `ggml_type` enum) carries with it a disproportionate maintenance burden. As such, to add a new quantization type you will need to meet the following *additional* criteria *at minimum*:

>     - providing a model GGUF quantized in the new scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - convert a small model to GGUF using the new type and upload it to HuggingFace
```

    - providing perplexity comparisons to Q8 as well as to surrounding quants
    - providing KLD divergence data calculated from the Q8 version for both the new quant as well as the surrounding quants

>     - performance data for the new quantization scheme as compared to surrounding quantization schemes on pure CPU

Reviewer: Why are we asking for comparisons against Q8 rather than FP16/BF16 here?

Author: Good question, I guess I'm just too used to doing stuff on Q8_0 thanks to my poor comp. Will change.

>     - performance data for the new quantization scheme as compared to surrounding quantization schemes on pure CPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - provide [performance data](https://github.com/ggml-org/llama.cpp/tree/master/tools/llama-bench) for the new type in comparison to types of similar size on pure CPU
```
